Good morning, everyone.
Today is Wednesday, June 3rd.
And this is the Blueprint Open.
We're going to start taking a look at
the evening S&P.
My name is Anne-Marie Band, and [music]
if you recall, we drew a Fibonacci
on Monday cuz I was out of the office
yesterday. And that Fibonacci is still
holding very well.
It's still holding really well in terms
of overall volume.
We've got
a couple of important places that I want
to show us.
So, first things first,
we have the gamma wall here
sitting at 17 7594.
That's the That's going to be the gamma
flip where we go from positive gamma to
negative gamma. That 200 simple moving
average is sitting there. It does look
like mean reversion. Things have been
very messy on the way
up
through the last couple of days. What we
do notice is that we are essentially
still sideways. We had a double top
yesterday that
faded and bounced again into another
topping formation. And
we had very light volume on the close.
So,
very small participation. The market is
waiting
on
something.
Most certainly, but these will be our
two edges that we stare down.
The MOC from last week Friday and
yesterday's MOC. So, let's do what we
always do. First, assess trend.
It's positive.
Right? We are
in an uptrending 50.
We broke below it. Now, we're trying to
recapture it. We've got a downward
you know,
if my brain were not a sieve, I would
remember
what this moving average is. So, let's
take a peek at it.
20. Okay. So, the 20 simple moving
average
is
grinding up to flat, but here's what I
notice that tells me we're slightly to
have ourselves another breakout.
We're still making higher lows in this
formation. Now, if we lose the line at
7612,
where the pivot is sitting,
chances are we will go down into the
prior
MOC, excuse me, the MOC of Friday that
is still really pretty strong. Notice
the volume. The volume is
fairly big.
And so, my suspicion is that's what
we're doing. As long as we do not breach
and
and then stay there. So, we'd want to
watch for the look above and fail for
the short quick action into 7607
and then
we can see if it can continue into
7594,
or we bounce with another higher low,
and [clears throat] the price action
takes us up into the call wall, which is
currently still 7650.
The put wall
still very far below us.
But, much higher than it was. Remember,
it was at 7200.
It's 7500.
They are moving it fairly rapidly, and
the pivots
that we want to watch are 7592.
And then this gamma wall this gamma line
at 7570-ish.
That's the support zone. As you can see,
over the last 1 2 3, this is our fourth
day. We really are locked in a range
that could bring us all the way back
down to 7578.
That area looks
pretty bullish, especially if we break
an upper 200 that is moving
at the clip that we see it moving,
which is straight up. Now, momentum is
down, and so that tells us that we are
looking for support in an otherwise
bullish environment.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
The NQ continues to break to the north.
Wow, wow, wow.
Trend
clearly up. Momentum drifting a little,
but
still in relative positive territory.
Okay? So, dips are buys. The best dip
for us to have a look at, really, would
be the pivot. And that number is
30,600,
thereabouts.
If we pull back into that zone,
looks like the first thing we'll see are
buyers that come into the range, and
then we break to the north,
and get back to where we currently sit
at about 30,775,
and then we walk up the formation again.
This Fibonacci is holding well from
Friday's formation,
which is
pretty interesting. Right? We almost
filled it on Monday in the afternoon,
but we came right into the floors.
We had a gamma wall yesterday at around
30,360.
Price action moving to the north.
Things look Things look good.
Things look good for the NQ, and this
part of June is seasonally strong for
the NQ.
So, if you're looking for stocks to
trade, and you have a bearish slant,
go to go to your sectors,
especially if you have the Benzinga Pro
platform, you want to go to your
sectors, find the weakest
sector,
and then find the weakest stock in that
sector.
That way, you get to trade yourself
um
some short action.
And then you look for strength and
follow strength along. I would not
consider favorite names, as it were,
until you were just seeing
that favorite name of yours hold trend
and dip and move higher or hold trend
and spike and then move lower. Okay?
It's just to watch.
Again, 30 30,600.
If we lose that level, listen, the 200
is all the way down here at 30,438.
That's to be the second line in the sand
that looks for bullish pressure.
Stick with the YM.
Another Fibonacci that really is working
tremendously well.
We had a very big move up
yesterday that gave back
and then completely recovered.
This is wash rinse repeat action in the
market. These are intraday traders just
using flows in their um
in their cycle. Now, in the overnight,
it's almost been completely short, but
we have noticed this. Because we have
solid trend and momentum, we continue to
bounce off of the 200 simple moving
average. For me, it suggests that
looking for 51,000,
maybe a little bit of a break
50,940.
That's going to give us the really nice
long that we're after. That being said,
the 50 is up, the VWAP and the 20 are
down, and so the bounces
give us
the likelihood of recovery, but it's not
going to be clean. It's going to be
noisy, like this.
Sideways action.
Bullish candles, bearish candles,
bullish candles, bearish candles, and
then it moves to the north. The upper
edge is
51,415,
and then 51,500,
and then
51,645.
That's what we're staring down.
Lots of supply sitting below us.
Lots of it. And so, this
50,000
if per happenstance it came down that
low,
it would certainly be an area that I
would watch for buying pressure.
I'm not sure that it is because it's got
such strong
trend. When you get into the trade and
it's misbehaving, you have two choices.
Get out and wait for the recovery of
motion if you got into early. Or
uh wait it out
with the risk that you have established.
So, you have to think about that
beforehand
before you decide. Flipping between long
and short,
it gets very messy in places like this.
You have to back out to the big time
frames and see where we're looking.
Let's go to Bitcoin.
Wow.
Okay, Bitcoin continues to break down.
This 65,000 area, a big deal. It's also
the port wall that they're battling
around, which is 66,000
900 or so. And so, let's take a look at
the volume. The volume has been bigger,
but the
price formations have been very
compact.
So, first things first, let's take a
look
>> [music]
>> at the range of the 330 candlestick. And
then let's do the easy thing, draw
Fibonacci
from peak to base or base to peak.
And then
from
peak
to base.
And that way we have it in both
directions. Now, we do know the Cosby is
uh raising margins. They want to tamp
down on the incredible flow that they've
had of late.
And who who would blame them? So,
margins are being released, excuse me,
are being tightened in terms of trading
in Korea, South Korea, and a few other
places as well.
I think Bobby, that's what we're seeing
in Bitcoin.
Um
What's the storyboard? What happened?
We had a lower low that couldn't hold,
and it was a look below this formation
and fail. But, not being able to get
past that put wall. So, that put wall
remains incredibly important at 67,000.
It's definitely what we want to watch.
If we can hold above that area, we're
going to grind through, but remember
>> [snorts]
>> these downward moving averages, when
they break in the opposite direction,
what they're hunting for is supply
to stop off where the market is sitting.
And we have supply just above it at
68,130,
and
and then
68,000
680.
Okay? So,
this trend has been going for a hot
minute.
It certainly has.
So, notice when the trend is down like
that,
the only way we can tell the price
action is going to begin to drift higher
is by the compression of motion and
prices begin to hold a floor. So far,
they have not held the floor.
And we continue to move to the north.
There's a tremendous amount
of supply,
excuse me, of demand sitting between
63,000
and
60,000.
And we're only about
$6,000 away, which you know, is is not
that big of a move. So, that's what we
want to watch. Bounces are sell zones.
The pivot,
it has not been touching the pivot, but
it's also getting closer to the pivot
action because the candlesticks have
been compressing. Range is now an
important aspect of what we're staring
down. So, this range event is 68,500
for the upper edge, and then potentially
69,000.
But, I would like to see a bottoming
formation and watch prices really sort
of leave this area of value area. This
value area to move to the north.
And that value area has a low of
65,900
and a high of 68,167.
So, dips
certainly could be buys here. Bounces
into the 68,700
level or so
easily
fails.
Easily fails.
Okay.
Oil.
All right, let's redraw oil.
Oil is trending up.
Looks really good. Great big motion on
Monday
at 9:00.
That's the high volume candle of the
week so far. We're going to
put a little
box around that one. And then,
we'll do the same thing. We'll draw a
Fibonacci
from
high
to low
and then from low
to high.
All right, and it'll give us the upward
extensions. Now, how well are those
extensions holding?
This gamma wall at 97 stopped us from
hitting to the north.
As I mentioned,
oil's not going lower. And after the
shenanigans on Monday,
well,
you know.
Um
I don't I don't see that happening at
all unless we've got something else
going on. So, I think the
way to go is to look for the deep dips
that turn into buying formations. Or if
you're saying to yourself, I want to
take advantage of these very savage
motions, you got to go to the five.
And notice, if you're going to the five
minute,
it tells you easily,
here's a look above and go.
But, it's also,
if you're staring it down, it's a look
below
and fail.
Right? If it looks below and fails, then
you've got yourself upward trajectory.
And so, that's really how to look at
price action in these last little bits.
What did I just do?
Knucklehead Fred.
All right, let's lock this figure.
Lock.
Okay.
So,
levels to the upside probably around 99.
I really don't see us getting past
well,
>> [clears throat]
>> 9930 to 1 by I think is probably
the top of the range for us unless we,
you know, have somebody doing something
stupid, which is entirely likely in
times like these.
But dips are clearly buys, motion,
rotation, everything. And although I did
expect it to come into 95, it stopped,
excuse me, 85. It stopped at 87 at the
base of the value area. It broke out of
the value area on
Monday morning
and then rotated all the way back to the
value area and the 200 where it began to
bounce again. So, could it do that once
more? Yes, of course it could.
Absolutely. But trend here
is much stronger
than it was
uh yesterday and the day before.
Yesterday and the day before we far from
the moving averages. Here we're close.
So, shallow dips below going to bring us
buy zones and the wall to look at is 95.
Gamma wall of note is right at 95. We're
above it. We get below it, we'll sort of
leak into the trend line, which brings
us
uh easily to
9260.
It's It's worth watching from that
space.
It This one's a little bit messy. You're
going to have to put up with the wiggles
if you're looking for a trend move. And
notice the VWAP and the 20 are sticking
together. So, right now old resistance
starting to look like new support.
Momentum still holding well.
This is the buy zone currently at
$95.70.
With targets upward into 99.
Let's take a look at gold.
Um
Okay.
So, couple people wrote some articles
yesterday and said, "Hey, you know, gold
is the now the reserve currency. It's
replaced the treasuries." Well,
if you follow Jim Bianco
and you dig into the weeds, you'll find
out that that's not quite true.
If you compare apples to apples,
gold is still second and the treasuries
are first. Although, you know, at one
point it appeared that Bitcoin might be
one of those things. Not so much
anymore. So, what are we staring down?
Remember, the big picture to me
tells me that
gold is caught in this lodge
above the put wall, which is 4,500.
We've got ourselves messy price action
to take us all the way up
to 4,565.
The Fibonacci is still working.
Still working
pretty nicely, actually. Look at those
clips. They're working very, very well.
Low edges of the range, if these bounces
into downward moving averages don't
hold,
and we continue down, we've got 4,450.
Um 4,440.
And let me clone this.
And then we've got
Let's lock this one again.
4410.
And then 4360.
I believe as long as we sit under this
zone,
um,
with oil above 85,
there's liquidation going on in here by
people who have to liquidate some of
their holdings in order
to pay bills.
It just is what it is.
It is what it is.
I know, seems like a weird thought, but
it is mine. So, of course, it's going to
be a little bit weird.
All right.
We've broken the trend line. We also
have, take a look, these lower highs.
So, let's just watch that.
Right?
If we get above 4540,
we could easily go to the top of the
supply zone into 4600.
Easily. The moves have been savage.
Absolutely savage. But, what we are
staring down now
is this box
from
10:00 a.m.
on
day is that?
Thursday of last week?
You know, sometimes I look at this chart
and
I think the hourly chart for
gold
almost looks like the better one to
trade than the 30-minute because it
gives us sort of a cleaner
view and we've got a tremendous
compression of all these moving averages
and that's been happening for days.
Gives us this
sideways horrible noise. So, we really
are looking for confirmed price action
above 4540 or below
this gamma line at 4450.
Right? Bounces are sell zones.
No doubt about it and the pivot could be
a nice area to begin thinking about a
short. Could shake along into that
pivot? Yes, you could, but you'd want to
find a formation that really spilled it
out cleanly to you and even to the
5-minute we've got the 200 down
the 20 up, 50 down to flat, the VWAP
down to flat. None of that looks bullish
to me.
None of it looks bullish. It all looks
like if they get into the gamma wall at
4500, they are going to try and short
it.
All right, let's take a look at spy.
See how spy's doing.
I love it that from watching the videos
that a lot of us are doing our own
analysis. This is my goal.
My goal is not to have a bazillion
views,
but to have views where you can watch
them, you can go, "Hey, I'm going to do
that on my own."
And then you go out and measure these
charts on your own so that you can
clearly come to see what the market is
doing.
Okay? So,
here we have looking at this one, it is
still
Friday's formation.
Let's put a box around this.
For goodness sake.
Let's lock this.
Fibonacci
so I can do some work
with this one.
All right, so this range
with a low of 756 and a high of 757.80
tells us, "Listen,
dips are buys.
Momentum is up
in bullish territory. It is trending
lower, so they are looking for the dip.
Where is that dip? I like to pick that
high volume candle, and so that's
somewhere around 757.
Let's
Let's see if that 757 can hold.
If it holds, we've got ourselves a long.
If not, we're back into the range.
Tremendous amount of demand building
here.
Just a lot of demand. So, dips clearly
are buys into the 50 $758.
It could hold. Let's see if it pulls
back and then bounces to the north. The
200 is way down here at 754. If things
go sideways, that could be a problem.
But,
until then,
this one looks
noisy, but still bullish. So, ideally,
what is the absolute best buy zone in
this formation here?
The pullback to $756.30.
That pullback goes
You can go long spy
into the afternoon
or
you can go long an option into the
afternoon. The second it starts stalling
on you, you know, it's train wreck. And
that's
you know, could easily happen.
Option sellers are still winning this
game. All right, everybody. Take care
and I'll see you on the streams.